very good
a greeting in passing valería well
incredible what happened to me this afternoon
being on live interest to the ceo
well incredible not totally believable
because it seems like I have a magnet and
all of these are the same or rather they are all
exactly the same when I tell the
story I'm going to tell you and you're going to
understand why the decision I just
made the next life channel of these
little ones that to look for the mouth to
look for visits and such begins to be a
pain making criticisms and uploading life and
so on I don't answer okay I always don't
care look at me to return to answer
to debate with whoever because I'm not
afraid of anyone understands me anyone who
tries to debate me that tries to
face or what has been debated
content for me we laugh
okay but the fact is that they are all the same in the
end they all end up the same when not
crying when I don't know what okay the
decision that I'm going to make and my
eyes are going to sweat it's completely but you don't
know how much truth you don't know how much my
balls are going to sweat
extract to the song and see you later as if you didn't
exist okay that's what  has passed
chords of the debate that I did with limbo
read this
is not that he has stuff if you have to have
little shame and stuff be the
good guy first he came licking my foot
for a while as I did not pay attention to him
because I was not interested I do not know him or
knew him or he smelled good to me okay I backed
off I backed off
because I did not pay much attention to him I
also stopped following him because he did a couple of
ugly things to me he did not
obsess over me for months but
for months and I am witnesses to this
for months touching my balls as much as
possible but not touching my balls in a
way only criticizing because I have to
eat that with potatoes but he
criticized my entire movement of everything
that I was doing he was looking for the
tip to get the video to touch my
balls he
uploaded videos that I had deleted okay he
started uploading the videos that I had already
deleted of the videos that I had already
deleted of the interview with Santiago to
be touching my balls as much as possible I
never gave him a strike he could have
done it because they were videos that were not
uploaded to my channel okay he
could have done it perfectly and
never never  I threw a strike at him okay he
starts to piss off piss off piss
off then when the
content of the lordship came and
a small rise began to have
talking about juanjo and talking about the subject
that he was not interested in because the
truth is antonio david ross o carrasco
was made a fool of himself with the news with
danielle that would already [ __ ] me up that andy
roddick is made a fool of himself with such a stupid guy
okay he was made a fool of himself because he doesn't
understand the subject he hasn't
even seen the Rocio Carrasco documentary
and he started it is a debate because because he is
a fame seeker dude it stank backwards it
stank that it was turning back the way he
seeks fame be you you dedicate yourself to
pissing me off for months
making my video even uploading
videos that I have deleted and pissing Juanjo's
ass for months too,
the other one on the motorcycle and when I
turn to be a debate with him I obviously upload it
to my channel because I am
part of the debate and we always agree
that we will upload it together
and you give me a strike
because it hurts because it burns because  you
ended up crying the last five
minutes of that live plus you
uploaded to another part that live was
amazing because he ended up crying well do
n't get involved to bother my balls he
gives me a strike because he's
embarrassed
this is an incredible idea really with
these types of characters it amuses me
because then in the end what happens happens is that they
end up as they end up but I don't
get involved anymore because in the end they are all the
same they can't stand it okay with the laser maybe
he already answered him through
a third person for the things that he
has to identify that he doesn't rectify
look son well we'll see where we
have to meet and you know that when
I get stubborn about a subject I go all the way
really if you don't know don't
get involved
if you don't know don't get involved
then these are the typical ones that happen
like what happened a few years ago with
the check guy I reported because he
made 800 videos of me and in one of them they
went overboard son of a [ __ ] I'm going to
break you I don't know what and then in the
trial he started shaking with his
hands shaking saying to the  footprint
but I know I was the one who was
right, I should have reported him but he
reported me to God and you don't
know, don't turn him in okay but what you
can't do is
spend months and months and months defaming him
because now I'm going to start reviewing
those videos for months and months defaming you, pissing me
off
looking for me to respond because
you're not capable of growing on your own you have to
be pissing others off
to try to get me to enter a
debate and gain followers from the people
who hate me Miami hater I upload a debate and you
manage to piss me off that I upload a
debate he is humiliated and
embarrassed and ends up crying and since
the second day he was telling me that I was
leaving for a strike to remove the video
that they could be against me and obviously I'm not
going to remove the video because I am part
of the debate the debate is mine also in
the debates it is always remembered okay I'm
going to see what can be done legally
okay I will talk to my lawyer and if something can't be
done legally for having
harmed me because I imagine that there
will be some kind of repercussion like
going to  harm the channel I think I ca
n't do live broadcasts on this channel
for a week or two I imagine
some kind of repercussion some kind of
civil compensation there will be okay no
well don't worry I'm going to
review all the old videos
during the time that they have been uploaded
which I think they have been uploaded for about a
year things like that the videos that he made me
the visits that he has and owes well we're going
to review everything that he has said about
me and we're going to see each other because he has said
tremendous nonsense he even said
that I accused a kid with autism
something like that he said I mean I have to look at it
because there is weight behind it surely there is
weight for a lawsuit but the thing is that it can't
be family it's that with these people
I have a magnet when it's not one one it's the other it
's the one on the motorcycle and they are magnets I have a
magnet for this type of people why do you
start acting like a Uruguayan why do you
start bothering yourself again and again
and again and now you are not able to
stand that you looked bad in a debate
and it burns you so much that months later
hundreds  months later he has filed a
copyright strike you leave the
internet perfect ask for the right to be
forgotten you send it to us and we will delete it
but don't screw with my channel
don't screw with my channel don't screw with my
business and my work tool because
screwing with me a channel can screw me
all
because now you're ashamed that it
looked bad
ask for the [ __ ] right to the videos to be
forgotten sorry you send it to us we will
delete it and nobody remembers you okay
but don't [ __ ] with me man you were the one who
has looked for it after months and months of
looking for it because you think it's going to
turn out well that you were going to grow by
confronting me and you were totally
ridiculous and now how ashamed are
the days of this filthy way I
really freak out with the characters I
give
then the [ __ ] haters come to me oh it's that you do
n't answer this one to the one who does
n't answer the other it seems that they play
like that okay then what I'm going to
advance with this is that in the end I will
not answer to this type of channels
pathetic I will dedicate myself to every time I see a
video without a  strike and I'm going to give a
[ __ ] completely because I assure you
that out of half a million
followers that I have, not
even 500 are going to find out if I put an extra from
someone or not only put it when they find out
the things that these people tell me
because I myself react to the videos
people like the one to be read and so on and if I
don't give it bo you won't see it I will understand or
rather I do it for the fun of the
content obviously laser is going to be
given a chance to
rectify a few things that I'm not
going to allow but to maintain
that rectifying is equally okay but he did
n't get into it plus I'm going to dedicate myself to
taking out my news to debate with who is
good to debate with and who has the skin
to endure this okay you get in here
very cool you are very cool then you can't stand looking
bad
you start to cry but what you start to
cry well I also cried
many times from impotence of others
others no no no no that you start to [ __ ]
channels that you start to [ __ ] channels
because you  it's shameful ask for the right to be
forgotten ask for the right to be forgotten you
send it to us illegally we remove it I have
had to remove videos for the right to be
forgotten
to a lady say recently I think
remove a video from 7 years ago because
she asked for the right to be forgotten after already
signed already but put a strike
limiting and harming the channel damn I'm
going to see what can be done family
will inform you when I know what it is
okay I don't know if it has much
legal scope to sue someone because I
put an extra on you and the truth is I don't know if at the
level of damage or in a way of having the
channel without being able to do live like
asking for compensation I don't know the
truth I don't know I will look at it and until the last
drop until the last drop that can be done I
am going to push forward okay no it ca
n't be put well I will go for the
videos and the things that she has said in the
videos about me because she has said
serious things I mean when the videos of two
when the videos of Marta del Castillo
and others she has said serious things that
I have saved because it gives to start
forward
but well family I don't know what
you think of  done but I think it's
mind-blowing, I mean, you spend
months messing around looking for the mouth
because you think that's how you're going to grow
because you don't have the talent
to grow for yourself and get something out of yourself,
get something that entertains people from
you even if it's content talking about
third-party news about whatever but no,
no looking for the mouth looking for the mouth
looking for the mouth and when you find the
mouth, as the result doesn't convince you and
you're embarrassed, then you throw away the video
in this pathetic way. Anyway, family,
tell me what you think about the face of the
comment. I'm going to get a
massage and I'm going to relax for a while because I
don't see the internet, okay, really, they are
family.